shouldn't I know you always say you
can't gain weight neighbor one but then
why I've gained weight and I have a
better description calorie I've just had
about 35 bananas blended with water time
this morning up put on at least put on
eight pounds already today it's only 12
o'clock
so I've already gained 8 pounds from
when I got up at 5 o'clock this morning
and it's 12 o'clock now so was it
because I'm an 8 pound who was gaining
at the counter out so I'm getting 8
pounds today I gained thousands of
pounds per year
they just don't stay on you people
running you've got to gain weight you
got to gain weight every single meal
every sign every time you eat a piece of
lettuce you're gaining weight any form
you have some work you're gaining weight
intermediates and bananas you're gaining
weight
you're gaining weight all the time when
you have some salt you're gaining weight
you can't stop gaining away I don't
understand people like they the next day
they wave some stuff over god
okay wait okay I'm about Bieber hey Mike
I don't see no weighed like ninety five
point six pounds today Harley and last
week I was like ninety four point eight
pounds I've gained like a parent what's
going on although I'm going freaking out
I'm like man you got to get a lot you
get some real problems instead of like
worried about what the fucking numbers
in the scale said man so you're gonna
gain weight doesn't matter what you eat
any time you eat food everything to
shove something your mouth if you get
this bicycle helmet and blend it in the
Vitamix I don't recommend doing that
let's say your dimple in the Vitamix
helmet smoothie concoction and you're
drunk water and bicycle helmet you drank
that what no calories but you're going
to gain weight you're just gonna gain
weight that's just how it is you can't
get around that I remember one time I
was out cycling with the availably new
cyclists and it's a pretty warm day and
we're come up approaching it a long
climb and I said you know you have only
jumped much water in the last half an
hour maybe you want to knock that bottle
back before we hit this climb because
you're going to be using up a lot of
hydration there no no I want to I want
to be light for the climb so like you're
carrying the water on your bike you're
better off carrying in your stomach
you've been off weighing more on your
body so you're hydrated in any way so we
so that's cool
we didn't make up the client we've got
half like the climb you started cramping
up I'm not fit enough and I dude just
not drinking enough what is no I'm not
conditioned enough you know are gonna be
more training this guy obviously quit
cycling soon after and I've heard from
him for a few years but the last time I
saw him was getting quite overweight so
people have this thing in their head
this paradigm of like I can't go I can't
down what you've got to get used to
gaining weight you only gain weight
every hour of the day every time you
have something in your mouth you've
gotta gain weight get used to that
that's normal it's normal
this didn't between gaining weight and
getting fat you can't get fat on this
lifestyle so then you've got the
anorexic scar got to a healthy weight
and I started like looking normal again
but I want to be like a bag of
broomsticks that's what I wouldn't be
able to be a broomstick with a potato
sack on itself that's what I want to
look like so you got those people who
say I got fat but in reality it's
impossible to get fat on a high
carbohydrate low-fat diet impossible
dieters tumorigenesis look at all the
long-term people on this lifestyle some
people call me fat I've got anorexic set
they're gonna do it on it looking pretty
fat like looking pretty fat man you got
you got to lean up a bit so it's
everybody's dick person definition of
fat can be quite different so it's
always good to instead just reading a
comic like I've read below and make a
judged on that we're going to get more
information in the purse we're gonna
look at the person guitar yeah okay
you're really gaining a lot of weight
you're really getting fat okay yeah I
understand or if let's say they are
obese we can go okay what's the officers
going on here what else you eating
what's your past history stuff like that
but when we just read a comment like
that it's easy to make assumptions in
our head and then that can be can be
very limiting so I like to use
real-world examples and I'll comment on
these are all things like that but it's
you know when I can see someone in the
flesh set up and point out go this is
what you're obviously doing or this is
actually good what you're doing well
this is actually really destructive what
you're doing so why do people gain
weight that's just normal you're gonna
gain weight every single meal every
single time you have a bit of water
you're gonna gain weight if you want to
lose weight just spit more often same
time you spit your lose what there's
people out there who spit to lose weight
because
they weigh in two grams less that's an
accomplishment so I mean you know I can
go on about it but I won't keep this
video short so you gonna gain weight
every meal done it used to gaining
weight because that's how it is so
gaining weight and being fat are two
different things just I just don't let
you know that one so don't forget to
subscribe like and share this video
thanks for watching we'll see you soon
post your comments down below let's get
through
[Music]